README.md, before:

## Welcome!

Hello, my name is Tyler Moessing. I am currently attending Brigham Young University in Provo, UT, studying Machine Learning. I love playing sports, whether it's a set of tennis, a quick game of basketball, ultimate frisbee, or pickleball. I also enjoy spending quality time with friends and family, whether it's playing board games or going on adventures. 

<!--
**tmoessing/tmoessing** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

**Programming Languages:** 

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=py,html,css,bash,cpp,java)](https://skillicons.dev)

**Tools and Frameworks:** 

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws,git,sklearn,react,dynamodb,mongodb)](https://skillicons.dev)

**Contact Me:**

tmoessing@gmail.com

[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tyler-moessing/)

Commit message:

Added Projects section, adjusted headers

README.md, after:

## Welcome!

Hello, my name is Tyler Moessing. I am currently attending Brigham Young University in Provo, UT, studying Machine Learning. I love playing sports, whether it's a set of tennis, a quick game of basketball, ultimate frisbee, or pickleball. I also enjoy spending quality time with friends and family, whether it's playing board games or going on adventures. 

### Technical Skills

**Programming Languages:** 

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=py,html,css,bash,cpp,java)](https://skillicons.dev)

**Tools and Frameworks:** 

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws,git,sklearn,react,dynamodb,mongodb)](https://skillicons.dev)

<!-- Technical Skills Logos https://github.com/tandpfun/skill-icons -->

### Projects

**Amazon Alexa Skills Development (2017 - 2021)**
- Designed and built 8 voice apps for Amazon Alexa with over 10,000 worldwide users
- Acquired hands-on experience with full stack development, implementing skills from start to finish using Python, Lambda, DynamoDB, and other AWS services
- Monitored app analytics to troubleshoot issues and improve performance and reliability

**National Robotics League, Battle Bot (2019-2020)**
- Designed, built, a remote-controlled combat robot to compete against other robots
- Team won 1st place in the Colorado state tournament among approximately 10 teams
- Earned an invitation to the National Championship

<sub> tmoessing@gmail.com</sub>  <sub>[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tyler-moessing/) </sub>
